- What's your dream?
- My dream is to become
a fantasy character.
I specifically focused my
transformation in space elves.
And I will do anything
to achieve that dream.
- You are willing
to risk blindness
to have your
eye color changed?
- Yes, no risk, no gain.
- That's scary.
[ethereal growl]
- I started feeling
this sharp pain.
My implant was
all the way in my armpit.
It ripped all the way
through the pocket.
- Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa...
- It sits there like that.
That's what I'm talking about.
- That is weird.
- I've had four accidents
and 14 surgeries.
- Whoa.
- Oh.
- She looks like she's been
in multiple fights.
And you're hoping
that the 15th surgery...
- Is the winner.
- I have to tell you,
I'm scared.
There's a lot of red flags,
and I'm scared.
- I've never seen him scared.
- Then I'm scared too.
- ♪ I want to be sexy ♪
♪ I want to be hot ♪
♪ Fix me, make me beautiful ♪
♪ I want to be perfect ♪
- I am Luis.
I am 25 years old,
and I'm from Argentina.
I am in a quest to become
a perfect-looking elf.
Since a young age,
I always loved fantasy movies,
like "Labyrinth"
and "NeverEnding Story."
I started to dye my hair
green, blue, white,
because I liked being colorful
like the characters
in the movies.
And I started to learn
about plastic surgery.
That was the time
when I decided
that I wanted to change myself.
I am not a Keebler Elf.
I am not a Elf in the Shelf.
I specifically focused my
transformation in space elves.
They are warriors
of love and light,
and they protect the earth
from evil aliens
and stuff like that.
They are very pale
with big eyes,
small features,
long white hair.
It is the kind of beauty
that I want to have--ethereal.
Some years ago,
I learned that you can change
your eye color by laser.
It was experimental,
but I decided to do it anyway.
I wanted to have purple eyes
like elves,
but I ended up dark gray,
and I didn't like it at all.
So now I have a collection
of 500 contact lenses,
fantastic colors, like black
to look like a daemon
or white to look like an angel.
The main thing I wanted
to change was my nose.
When I saw the doctor
for the first time,
I told her that I wanted
to have a nose
that doesn't look human at all,
a small and pointy nose.
She was kind of, mm...
not much happy with it.
but we go for it anyway.
I did my nose surgery
and my jaw liposuction
at the same time.
When I had
my jaw liposuctioned,
I wanted to fix family features
that we have.
We are very skinny,
but we have a lot of baby fat
on the neck.
But, sadly, the result
is not the perfect,
small, elfin face
that I wanted to have.
I want to see Dr. Nassif
and Dr. Dubrow
because they are perfect
to fix the things
that I have done to my face.
I want my nose to be smaller,
my jaw to be smaller
and more symmetric.
I want to fulfill my dreams
and reach my goals.
I'm not elfing around
with being an elf.
[ethereal growl]
[upbeat music]
- My name is Stacie,
and my nose has been
smashed and bashed.
I've had four accidents
and 14 surgeries.
I grew up
in Oak Park, Michigan.
It was a nice life.
Then, when I was 10 years old,
I was hit in the face
with a basketball.
I saw stars,
and my nose was swollen
and bleeding and sideways.
But the ER doctor said
that I would just have
to bear with it
until I was old enough
to actually have it
surgically repaired.
After getting hit
with the basketball,
I thought I was so ugly,
and that is what started
these crazy surgeries.
When I was 15 years old,
my mother and I met
with a surgeon.
We learned that he did
sex change operations.
And we figured that if he could
change a man into a woman,
he could do a decent nose.
We didn't know.
After my first surgery,
my nose looked exactly the same
as it did before.
My mother and I
went back to the surgeon.
I had two more revisions,
but I was still uncomfortable
with the way I looked.
I wanted to have a nose
that I liked.
It was vanity.
When I was 19 years old,
I saw another doctor.
There were about
three more revisions.
When I was around 23 years old,
I saw another doctor.
There were about
three more revisions.
After the ninth surgery,
there was finally
some improvement.
When I was 32,
I was in another accident.
I was catching a little boy
as he was sliding down a slide.
He hit me in the nose
with his forehead.
It was bleeding,
and it was crooked,
and I knew I needed
another surgery.
And I had four more revisions.
My nose looked better
than I had remembered it
ever looking.
Then I am unlucky,
because in 2015
I was in a car accident,
and I hit my face
on the steering wheel.
My nose was broken.
I am just
a really unlucky person.
- Hey, Stace.
- Rach, hi, how are you?
- Who's this?
- This is JJ.
- Oh, she's beautiful.
- She's a good girl.
My life now
is really wonderful.
I have a loving husband,
beautiful, healthy children,
and I work with people
with disabilities
and teach them
how to ride horses.
- What's going on, sister?
- I have so many things
to tell you.
So, after the accident,
this part of my nose
seems like it's collapsed.
I went to see a doctor.
He walked in the room, Rach,
and said to me,
"You look like an Avatar.
You know, those blue monsters?"
- Oh, my god.
- It really hurt my feelings.
But it also made me think,
wow, do I look a lot worse
than I realize?
I think having a surgery
with Dr. Nassif
is my last shot
at having a good-looking nose.
I want to see Dr. Nassif
and Dr. Dubrow,
hoping they can make me
not look like an Avatar.
- I've known Stacie
for over 35 years,
but her nose
has always bothered her.
She doesn't want that to be
the thing that people notice
when she walks in a room.
I hope and pray that this
is the end of this black cloud.
- I'm excited, you know?
I'm really excited.
- What do we have?
- We have to zhoosh
this patient.
This lovely lady's name
is Stacie.
So, from there,
it looks a little wide.
- Yeah.
- Whoa.
- Oh.
- You know, she looks
like a boxer.
She looks like she's been
in multiple fights.
- I think we need
a lot of history,
and we need a darn good
physical exam.
Can you please send in Stacie?
- Hi.
- Nice to meet you,
Dr. Nassif.
- I'm very excited
to meet with the doctors.
I want Dr. Nassif to say,
"I can help you
with everything, 100%."
I am asking for a miracle.
- I think what we really need
is a very detailed story
from you
of exactly how
you ended up here.
- When I was 10, I got nailed
in the face with a basketball,
and my nose broke.
When I was 15,
I had the surgery
and looked exactly the same.
When I was 16,
we did the second one.
When I was 18,
I did the third with him.
- Same doctor?
- Same doctor.
- It maybe looked
a teeny bit smaller,
but it never felt right.
So I went to see
the same doctor who did her,
and he did surgery,
and there were a couple
revisions involved there also.
And then, when I was 24,
I went with a friend
to see another doctor.
He did a surgery,
couple more revisions.
- So, what number
are we at here?
- One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight, nine.
- And how old are you, 25?
- 25, yeah.
- I've never heard
of a patient
having nine rhinoplasties
in the span of nine years.
But what's even more concerning
is that none of those
plastic surgeons told her
to stop having plastic surgery.
- Then, I was pregnant
with my second daughter,
and catching a little boy
on a slide,
and he came
down that slide fast,
and that forehead...
- Right here again.
- It was crooked
and bleeding daily,
so I had to get it fixed.
- So this is surgery
number ten.
- Surgery number ten,
and four revisions.
So I was glad
that that was done.
And I was like, okay,
I'm done now, here's my nose.
And then, when I was just
almost turning 40,
and I was going straight
through a green light,
and a girl turned
in front of me.
And I smashed into her,
and my airbag didn't go off.
And my seatbelt didn't lock.
- And you hit your nose.
- This side
hit the steering wheel.
It was a mess.
- So four surgeons
did 14 nasal surgeries on you.
And you're hoping
that the 15th surgery...
- Is the winner.
- I think you win the record...
- The record for the most
nasal surgeries we've heard.
- It's embarrassing.
It's not something I'm proud of.
I feel like, when somebody
doesn't really know me,
they might judge me on that
instead of who I really am.
- I have to tell you,
I'm scared.
There's a lot of red flags,
and I'm scared.
- I've never seen him scared.
- Then I'm scared too.
- Let's go straight
to the exam room.
- My breasts were about 200
pounds, I kid you not.
It was like literally taking
a needle to a balloon,
and they were just like...
[exhales]
- People are not usually
that open
for seeing
such a strange being.
They can just stare at you
like, "Ahh..."
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
- Does that hurt right there?
- I can't say hurt,
but it feels sensitive.
- I mean, your tip
really isn't that big.
It's collapsed and pinched,
but there's just no cartilage.
When I examine a nose
with my hands,
I want to feel
every little irregularity.
I want to check
the nasal bones,
the tip, the skin.
I want to feel how thick it is,
how much scar tissue is there.
I got to do many, many things
which is tactile with my hands.
I want to add an implant
of your own tissue
to the nasal bridge
right here,
give you a little bit more
of a narrow appearance.
- Mm-hmm.
- So your tip has
absolutely no support.
Most of that cartilage
has been removed.
You already have a wide nose.
So I'm gonna have
to use cartilage
to open up your nostrils,
but at the same point,
I got to try
to make this part here
a little bit smaller.
- That would be good.
- The other thing,
there's a chance
that your skin of your nose
could turn black and die
on your 15th surgery.
- Then what do you do
if that happens?
- We would have to take
the forehead,
swing it down,
and reconstruct your whole tip.
That's about four to five
surgeries more.
- Oh, my goodness.
- If that happened.
- I'm not trying
to scare Stacie,
but the truth is,
the more surgeries you do,
there are higher risks.
And it may scare
some patients away,
but we'd rather
tell every patient,
"This is what
could happen to you."
Then, if they decide
to go through with it,
we can actually proceed
through it.
- One thing that's important
to understand
is that this is a full
trying to put Humpty Dumpty
back together again.
The only difference is,
Humpty Dumpty is your surgeon.
- That was like another
horrible insult, as usual.
- I wish there was
a prettier way to say it,
but it is a Humpty Dumpty nose,
so it's okay.
I've been called much worse.
I'd pick Humpty Dumpty
over an Avatar.
I've spent
almost all of my life
not liking the way
I looked physically.
I would love to have
the next half of my life
have a nose I like.
And I feel confident
that you can help me.
- Despite the risks, you want
to go through with this?
- I do.
I don't want to look
like a blue monster.
I want to go for it.
I guess I'm a gambler now.
- Great meeting you guys.
- Great to meet you.
- Thank you.
- I'm Leslie, and I have breasts
who do not like to stay
in their assigned seats.
My breasts are leading me
in different directions.
I was kind of a jock
growing up.
I was tall.
I was wide.
I played volleyball,
martial arts, track, swimming.
When I went
through my pregnancies,
I gained 125 pounds total.
My heaviest I've ever been
was 285 pounds.
My breasts were probably
about 200 pounds of that,
I kid you not.
And then, after breastfeeding,
it was like literally
taking a needle to a balloon,
and they were just like...
[exhales]
I got really depressed.
It wasn't normal for me
to go to the gym.
I'd rather come home,
open up a bag of Cheetos,
and watch trash TV.
I had my fiancé Anthony
trying to tell me,
"You only feel
how you make yourself feel."
It took a year for me
to really get into a habit,
and I dropped 60 pounds.
At the gym, we were offered
to go to
a bodybuilding competition.
When we go there,
we saw a bunch of women
in these beautiful bikinis,
just gorgeous,
phenomenal bodies.
There was literally
a light bulb that went off.
There is no reason
why I can't do that.
But I almost felt
like my breasts
were going to hold me back
from placing,
because it was after
I had my children.
They had already deflated
from breastfeeding.
And I saw that a lot of
the women had breast implants.
During my first consultation,
I showed him photos
of what I really was going for,
exaggerated breast implants.
And he said,
"We can definitely do this."
After I woke up
from my first surgery,
I saw a flat chest.
Things just kept
getting worse and worse.
My right implant actually
started moving out to the right.
I told him,
"You need to fix this."
My second surgery
was a bunch of bull[bleep].
It was an implant up top,
and you could feel
all the breast tissue
just hanging on the bottom
of my surgical bra.
Over the last few things,
things have
progressively gotten worse.
This is regular.
You can kind of see it
right here.
But as soon as I go up...
it completely comes out
to the side right there.
With my bodybuilding
competitions,
there's some muscles
that just cannot be worked out,
because I'm limited
with my implant
being in my armpit.
I don't want to deal
with this anymore.
I don't want to deal with this
until my dying age.
I really, honestly don't.
- I don't consider
this as a costume.
This is my everyday.
But people are not usually
that open
for seeing
such a strange being.
They can just stare at you
like, "Ahh..."
I don't usually hear
opinions from others.
I worked this for myself,
to make me happy.
- Giduta.
- Greetings.
- Luis.
- Luis, Saya.
- I went to Whimsic Alley
to find elves
and fantasy characters,
people like me.
Since a long time,
I wanted to look like an elf.
I started my transformation
five years ago.
It's a two-hour process
to transform into an elf.
Start with skin-bleaching soap
from Malaysia,
then bleach my hair, eyebrows.
To protect my bleached skin,
I have to use
a strong sun block.
I want to have purple eyes.
I wanted to go to India
to have an intra-ocular implant.
- Oh, that would be so cool.
I would love
to have purple eyes.
I settle for contact lenses.
- Now I'm wearing effects ears,
but I want my ears to be cut
to look like an elf, actually.
- I actually think
it's kind of pretty.
- I have a collection
of 12 different elf ears.
These are my favorites,
because they look so long
and so nice.
- I think you're beautiful
and elvish either way.
- Thank you.
- I heard that you are
the messiah of breasts.
- The messiah of breasts.
If Terry is the messiah
of breasts,
does that make me
the Moses of noses?
[laughter]
- I already like my profile.
- No, no, no, no, no, no.
- What, no?
- You're not gonna get
a small front
and a small profile.
It's just not gonna happen.
You cannot have your cake
and eat it.
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
- Next patient's name
is Leslie.
Obviously
a fitness enthusiast.
But looks like--
- Is that a double bubble
on the sides?
- A lateral double bubble.
And I don't think
I've actually ever seen
a lateral double bubble before,
so that's very weird.
So why don't we bring
Leslie in
and see what's going on.
- Can you please send in Leslie?
- Hi.
- Nice to meet you.
- Dr. Nassif.
- Leslie.
- Terry Dubrow.
- Hi, nice to meet you.
- Anthony.
- Anthony, how are you?
- I'm hoping Dr. Dubrow can
fill them to maximum capacity.
I want to be able
to be a flotation device.
I want to save lives
with these bad boys.
That's how big we want to go,
I kid you not.
- Are you guys married?
- We're engaged right now.
- Okay.
- The wedding
is about a year out.
- So how did this start?
- I actually gained
an excess amount of weight
when I had two pregnancies
back-to-back,
and a total weight gain
of 125 pounds or so.
About a year later,
I lost 60 pounds,
and then I saw that my breast
tissue was actually sagging
because of all the weight
that I had lost.
I actually consulted
with a surgeon.
I wanted beach balls, basically,
on my chest.
That's what I was looking for.
I was really adamant
about getting full breasts,
because I had them, you know?
I basically wanted to go back
to what I had
pre-children, pre-weight-loss.
We went into surgery,
and when I woke up,
I was extremely flat.
I was having
implant displacement as well.
And then he says
we can go in there,
sew up the pocket,
and fix it.
So I woke up
from the second surgery.
There was no breast lift done,
so it was even worse.
All the breast tissue
was just hanging down here.
- So the skin envelope drooped
while the implants
were way up here.
We call that a dissociation.
- Great.
- Yeah.
- So I started feeling
this sharp pain.
My implant was all the way
in my armpit.
It ripped all the way
through the pocket.
- Ouch, so have you stopped
lifting weights?
- I can't do push-ups, pull-ups,
chest-related exercise.
Immediately,
it pops out to the side.
The breast pain
that I currently have
runs between
a three and a four.
Should I flex my implant,
it's seriously like a nine.
If the pocket wants to rip
even further,
I can feel that sharp pain
again in my implant.
- What are your goals?
- My goal is to go big
or go home.
And I heard that you are
the messiah of breasts,
and so...
- What, of fake breasts?
The messiah of breasts.
[laughter]
If Terry
is the messiah of breasts,
does that make me
the Moses of noses?
- All right,
so let's go have a look.
- Okay, great.
- Leslie has been wronged.
She came in with a plan
and knows what she wants.
Now it's up to us to see whether
that's a possibility or not.
So let's see what's
going on anatomically.
Can we just--can we do this?
- Oh, yeah.
This one goes out this way.
This one goes up.
So it's gonna get stuck,
hold on.
- Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa...
- It sits there like that.
That's what I'm talking about.
- That is weird.
- So your muscle
is holding it up.
- Mm-hmm.
- I've never seen an implant
do that before,
slide in and out
of a pocket like that.
Yeah, you learn something new
every day.
- And then,
when I push it down...
- Oh, I know what he did.
So he probably closed
the pocket off
using some of the muscle
up there,
and the muscle now has attached
to the overlying breast tissue.
- Yeah.
- That's a tricky...
- And then, this one...
- Let me see that one;
do that.
Oh, my gosh.
By the way,
the irony of the tattoo
directly overlying the most
difficult abnormality there is.
- "Imperfection is beauty."
And if imperfection is beauty,
that is beautiful,
because that is really tricky.
I've seen plenty
of dissociated breast implants.
However, I've never seen
someone like Leslie
that's had such a significant
animation deformity.
I just hope I can repair
the pocket adequately enough
to prevent this from happening
again in the future.
You have a naturally
very wide breast.
When we do a lift
and tighten the envelope,
you can't tighten the width.
I mean, you're probably gonna
smile a little bit about this.
You do actually need
a big-ish breast implant.
- There you go.
- There you go, right?
- To be honest,
I really don't care,
the size of Leslie's breasts.
But to see Leslie's face
light up, it means a lot.
- Do you want
to do this surgery?
- I do.
I'm full on board.
I cannot wait to be able
to flaunt these bad boys
at my bachelorette party.
I just need my breasts
to be fixed.
- Thank you so much.
- You're welcome.
- Pleasure.
- Pleasure meeting you guys,
thank you.
- Well, good morning.
- Good morning.
- I know you had
some concerns.
So do you want to go over
a few things first?
- I'd like to, yes.
- You have no support
in the middle part of your nose.
So we have these things
called spreader grafts.
We're gonna do that
with the hope
of opening up your airway.
However, it makes it wider.
To counterbalance that width,
we're gonna put something called
the septal extension graft
to set your tip projection
and make your tip smaller.
- I already like my profile.
- No, no, no, no, no, no.
You're not gonna get a small
front and a small profile.
It's just not gonna happen.
You cannot have your cake
and eat it.
- I want that.
I want my cake and eat it.
- This is your 15th surgery.
There's no sweetness with this.
So we got to pick one
or the other.
- So I prefer the more
drastic change in my front
and sacrifice my profile.
- All right.
For Stacie's surgery,
we'll begin by harvesting
rib and fascia material
then open up her nose
and straighten the septum
before fracturing
the nasal bones
and adding a PDS plate
and spreader grafts.
Next, we will
reconstruct her tip.
Finally, we will use
a dice cartilage fascia graft
to build up her dorsum,
hopefully giving Stacie a nose
that is structurally stable.
It's almost like going into
a little box of Cracker Jacks.
I got to see what
the surprise is gonna be.
And then just set in through
the scar tissue right now.
So her nostril
feels like a brick.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- So we got to see
what's going on there.
And then the skin is stuck.
[grunts]
I can barely take
my very sharp scissors
and cut through her scar.
I mean, that right there
just tells me
that this is gonna be a doozy.
Okay, the skin's been lifted
off the nose.
So far, I'm seeing nothing.
Damn it.
Where the hell is the septum?
Oh, my god.
There's nothing left
inside this nose.
No septal cartilage present,
zero.
The septum helps
support the nose,
keeps both sides divided.
So now I have
to reconstruct that.
Go.
[tapping]
I want to hear every little bang
of this bone
to make sure we are okay.
The scary part about fracturing
Stacie's nasal bones
is that the bones have already
been fractured multiple times.
And what's important here
is that we don't cause
any collapse
or any destruction of the normal
nasal anatomy in this area.
And there it goes.
So that was the bump
that was on the left.
Now we at least
have symmetry.
Oof, okay,
let's start the reconstruction.
PS plate.
Then you have
an intranasal spine.
I'm using
every graft that I know
to reconstruct Stacie's nose
essentially from scratch.
This is not something
that we do every day.
Getting some projection.
- Ooh, I like that.
- Well, I got to say,
we definitely got a projection.
We got her frontal appearance
of her nose
looking a lot thinner.
After having 15 rhinoplasties,
every doctor just kept
taking stuff away.
This is why I had to add every
cartilage graft that I know.
I hope this
is gonna be Stacie's
15th and final surgery.
We just have to see.
Who knows?
- Look at the size
of this needle.
- [groaning]
I can't even look anymore.
I'm getting light-headed.
- Are you really?
You're getting light-headed?
You sissy.
- I have still to go to India
to change my eye color again.
- Again?
We've had some weird patients,
but this guy
is out of this world.
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
- Hello.
He's here, my man.
- Are you kidding me?
- Let me take some gloves off.
How are you?
Nice to see you.
- My anesthesiologist,
Dr. Mest,
is one of the premier
facial filler injectors
in the world.
Okay, so, me first?
- Yes.
- As we age,
the collagen production
in our face slows.
Our face deflates,
and it drops.
And that's
the first physical sign
of aging in the face.
- If we put something too heavy
back through here,
then it's going to just hang.
- Oh, god, I don't--
oh, Jesus.
- This is just
a little numbing medicine.
- Hello.
[laughter]
- It burns a little bit,
doesn't it?
- What's this do?
- This is Botox.
- This is so painful.
You're gonna love it.
Look at this;
look how deep he goes.
That'll wake you up
in the morning.
Isn't this amazing?
- I got to tell you,
I'm just kind of
amazed at you.
You know,
you really are a freak.
I'm gonna need someone
to hold my hand.
I do have to say,
I'm H.M.P. for that.
- You're what?
- High-maintenance Paul.
- Yeah, big shock.
Paul, you're H.M.P.
for everything.
- Isn't that cool?
- Now we're gonna do
a little sculpter.
- Look at the size
of this needle.
If you thought that hurt,
check this out.
Yeah.
I don't know
what I like better,
getting injected with fillers
or torturing Paul.
- [groans]
I'm getting nauseated.
- Oh, that's a neat sound.
Oh, yeah.
You know what I'm excited about?
There's still another side
to do.
- I'm getting light-headed.
- Are you really?
You're getting light-headed?
You sissy.
- I don't know
why I'm getting squeamish.
I think it's just me
watching Terry's face.
I don't think I feel good.
- Are you serious?
You better step out.
Oh, my god.
See, I told you he wouldn't
be able to handle it.
- I have never had a patient
not do it.
What a wuss.
[laughter]
- I have a patient for you,
name of Luis.
Came to us from Argentina.
- Argentina?
- Let's take a look.
- Show me.
- He's a handsome guy.
Oh.
Now he looks like an alien.
Let's figure out
what he wants.
- Can you please send in Luis?
[atmospheric music]
[chuckling]
Oh, he's got the ears going.
Sporting those ears.
Luis, Dr. Nassif.
- Nice to meet you,
Dr. Nassif.
- Hi, Luis, Terry Dubrow.
- Nice to meet you.
- What is that, a crystal ball?
- This is a gift.
It is a crystal ball,
but if you move it this way,
it can show you your dreams.
- Show us our dreams?
Ooh.
- The crystal ball
is unbreakable,
because that's the way
how dreams are supposed to be:
unbreakable.
My dream is to become
a fantasy character.
And I will do anything
to achieve that dream.
- So do you want to look
like an alien,
or do you have elf ears?
What are we trying
to achieve here?
- Both.
There are different elves,
not only that
of the fairy tales.
There are also space elves.
- Space elves?
- Yeah.
- They are a species of aliens
that look humanoid,
but faces with cat shape.
- We've had some weird patients,
but this guy
is out of this world.
So your fantasy is to be
a complete, full elf.
- I will not stop
until I reach that goal.
- I think you've arrived.
I think you've reached
that goal.
- Not yet.
I feel like I am
in the middle of my way.
- Really?
- I have still to go to India
to change my eye color again.
- Again?
- Again.
- You've done it before?
- Five times.
- What did they do?
- Laser color change.
- So you've had
five laser procedures
on the iris of your eyes.
Did you lose any sight
with those laser
eye color change procedures?
- Well, I lose my sight,
but just a few days.
- That's scary.
- Yeah.
- The problem with any surgery
of the eye
is that you basically sign up
for the possibility
of scar tissue formation,
severe infection,
early cataracts,
and, of course,
full-blown blindness.
You are willing
to risk blindness
to have your eye color changed?
- Yes, no risk, no gain.
- What else are you considering
having done?
- Well, I have to cut my ears
to be pointy like an elf.
- And you found a doctor
to do that?
- Yes.
- I have seen people
get their ears manipulated
the way Luis is talking about.
It's done in sort of
these back alley
body modification clinics.
But they can have
a lot of complications.
I have actually fixed
a significant number
of those complications.
And it can be really dangerous.
- I want to have
a lifting of my whole face
to look like this.
- Whoa.
- It is strange,
but I like it.
- You like that strange look,
huh?
- Yeah.
It's just something that,
it needs to be good for me,
not for others.
- You've come to us
for specific reasons.
- Well, I want to fix my nose,
and I want to fix my jaw line.
If you see, the point of my nose
is pointing that way.
I want just to move it
a little bit
and try to make it smaller.
- Let me ask you a question.
What mythical creature
would you suggest
he converted to,
just based on the way he looks?
- A goblin.
- A goblin?
- Yeah.
- That's scary.
What does a goblin look like?
Don't talk.
- One of my inspirations
is Jareth from "Labyrinth,"
the Goblin King.
It was David Bowie.
- All right,
so like David Bowie.
- Yeah.
- You don't look
like David Bowie.
Trust me.
- Don't hear it.
You can't be whatever you want.
- Thank you.
- I have a goblin with me
right now,
in my backpack.
- Can you bring the goblin
into the exam room?
Because I want to see
what a goblin looks like.
- Sure.
- Tough case.
Really, really tough.
Not for beginners,
that's for sure.
- Give us a big, wide smile,
just like this.
Big smile.
The resemblance between
this goblin and Paul is uncanny,
except Paul's a little shorter.
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
- Look at that.
So this is a goblin.
- That's a goblin.
In Argentina, the people believe
that they live in the forest.
Merlin brings good luck to me,
protects me from mean people.
He's such a good friend to me.
- By the way,
I completely agree with you.
Give is a big, wide smile,
just like this.
Big smile.
The resemblance between
this goblin and Paul is uncanny,
except Paul's a little shorter.
- You can put your head back
just a little bit.
Your breathing is bad.
- Yeah, my breathing is bad,
compared it how it was before.
- Do these come off?
- Yeah.
- Can we see what your eyes
look like now?
- Those are my natural
eye color.
With good light,
they look gray.
They were brown when I was born.
- Right now, making your tip
point more towards the midline
and the sides
of your nose smaller,
really what we're talking
about doing
is deforming your nose.
When you go back home,
I want you to walk around
clipped like this.
Okay, now, do you see
yourself breathing
all day long like this?
Will you have the same energy
to do what you want
as a mythical creature?
- It could be difficult.
- You look
like you're suffering.
- So do you think--all right.
So how'd you like that?
- I don't like it.
I have mixed feelings.
I think that they tried
to scare me.
At the same time,
I think I can live
without breathing.
- So do you want to do that
to your nose?
- I will think it.
- Really, nothing that he wants
to do is safe,
and our job
as medical professionals
is to help him realize that.
There's something
right there.
- Right, right, wow.
- Yeah, on both sides, look.
- That's on the pupil, though.
- Yeah.
- After five laser procedures,
you have a hole
in the pupil of your eye.
This is an area
you just do not mess with.
If you lose your vision,
your life is irreversibly
changed forever.
- I can live without breathing,
but without my sight,
it would be impossible.
I can't imagine my life
without seeing.
I will stop working.
I will stop studying.
I will stop doing
the things I love.
- It's a message
from the goblin himself.
Do not do these procedures.
- Well, I will take
the message.
- Pleasure meeting you.
- Sure.
- Hi.
- Hi, Leslie.
- I'm just checking in
for surgery with Dr. Dubrow.
- Okay, great.
Go ahead and sign in, and we'll
get you taken right back.
- Great, thank you.
Today is my surgery.
I've had this twice before,
so I thought I would be
a little bit more relaxed.
But going into this, I feel like
this is the game-changer,
so my anxiety is a little bit
more through the roof.
- So we've brought
these implants.
Put this on.
Okay, legs to the side.
Okay, so, currently,
you have 475 cc there.
If we put in 325s
on top of that,
that's 800.
That's the maximum there is.
And I don't want to go bigger
than 800 anyway,
even if we were to go to saline,
which I don't want
to use either.
- I'm level-headed
to know that if we can't,
then it's totally okay.
- Okay, so why don't you
go ahead
and put this
on your right side?
Hold this.
Is that gonna be too big?
- No, I don't think so.
- It's very rare that I--
that we--put in 800s,
because, you know, that's
what gets girls in trouble.
If I think that there's
still too much tension,
then we might have to go
a little smaller, okay?
But we'll see.
- Dr. Dubrow understands
exactly what I'm looking for,
and I truly, honestly
believe that.
And so the anticipation
for the final result
is just extremely high.
- The bigger you go,
the greater the chance
that you will
have complications
the type of which Leslie
is now currently suffering.
But she absolutely
has to have a large implant
to satisfy the large width
of her breasts.
Today, for Leslie's surgery,
I'll begin by making incisions
around the areola.
On the right side,
I'll create a flap
of capsular tissue
for use in
the breast pocket repair.
Then I'll remove
the old implant,
rotate the tissue down,
and sew it to the back
of the chest wall.
After that, I'll insert
a new, larger implant.
On the left side,
I'll remove the old implant,
release the pectoralis major
muscle,
and insert a new implant
before closing up.
All right,
so let's start by seeing
what's going on, on the inside.
[suction noise]
Wow, look how thick
this muscle is.
Oh, she's a bodybuilder.
When a person has
a thick muscle,
it is very useful
when you have
to re-create a pocket
and reinforce it
so it doesn't break down.
Okay, so here's her implant.
So I'm sewing down the new wall
made out of her own tissue,
down to the back of her chest.
That can block off the side
of the pocket,
preventing the implant
from falling in the armpit.
This is sort of
like starting over
with Leslie's breast surgery.
New pocket, new implant,
new everything.
We've got the pocket made.
We're gonna go ahead
and put in a 650 cc implant,
which is bigger
than her old implant.
That's plenty big.
They may not be as large
as she had hoped for,
but because they're
in a smaller pocket,
they'll give her exactly
the cosmetic result
that she really wants.
I mean, the smaller I can go
and give her the look she wants,
the more stable
this result will be.
Okay, can we sit
this one up?
Let me see.
The only irregularity now is,
I got loose skin down here,
which is all from
her weight loss, obviously.
The implant looks great,
so I'm going with it.
Now I'm going to move on
to the breast lift operation
she should have gotten
the first time around.
Okay, I've got this right breast
looking actually pretty good.
All right, let's go
to the other side.
Wow, look at that.
They put the implant
completely under the muscle,
but the muscle wasn't released.
Every time she flexed it,
it just formed a shelf
that held up the implant.
I'm basically
dis-inserting the muscle
the way it should have been done
at the original operation.
This case required
a lot of detective work.
I actually had to do
a lot of work
that should have been done
properly the first time.
Okay, that's good.
That's really good.
Tough case,
really, really tough.
Not for beginners,
that's for sure.
I'm happy with the result.
I just hope Leslie will be too.
Okay, let's close her up.
Awesome.
- This is gonna be, for me,
the moment of truth.
So you remember
how wide your nose was?
- I remember.
[gasps]
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
- Hi.
- Good morning, young Stacie.
- Nice to see you.
- You know Dr. Irvine.
- Hi, Dr. Irvine.
- Nice to see you.
- So how you doing?
- I'm great.
- A week after surgery,
I feel really good.
I'm hoping Dr. Nassif
will tell me
that my surgery
was beyond successful
and that I am doing
a great job in healing.
- All right,
let's work on your cast.
This is gonna be, for me,
the moment of truth also here.
So you remember
how wide your nose was?
- I remember.
Time?
[gasps]
Oh, my god.
- And it's swollen.
- I can't believe it's me.
I have not liked
the way my face looks
since I was 10 years old.
I'm gonna cry again.
And 35 years
is a long time to live,
looking in the mirror
and not liking your face.
- We're not
out of the woods yet.
We have some little issues
going on.
- Okay.
- At the end of surgery,
you were getting
a little purple
and discolored
right around the incision line,
because that's the area
where the blood supply
is gonna be the worst.
So that skin right there
did necrose a little bit.
So now what we need to do
is take care of this.
So how you gonna do that?
I want to get you
the hyperbaric oxygen today.
Hyperbaric medicine is something
that is used
in all types of treatments.
I mean, we all know it.
Like you see in the movies
for treating the bends,
especially someone
who's a scuba diver
and they get in that
hyperbaric oxygen chamber.
That's number one.
But two, we use it for any type
of chronic infection
or to increase blood flow.
- We only have 7% oxygen
that's produced in the body
that allows us
to sustain life.
In here, you're gonna get
ten times that,
which will speed up
the healing process.
- After every surgery I've had,
I've went in the chamber.
There's no better treatment
than having 100%
oxygen-filled red blood cells
delivered to the injury.
The red blood cells
for the oxygenation
are what help you heal,
got it?
- Awesome, yes, awesome.
- You ready for this?
- I am ready for this.
- I'm being locked
into a coffin-like chamber.
I am excited and nervous.
- Okay, well, have fun.
- Thank you, Dr. Nassif.
I hope it helps.
- I'm sure it's gonna help.
- I feel very free today.
This is the first time
I've felt this way
in a very long time.
From 10 years old,
when I looked in the mirror,
I didn't like what I saw.
- Are you guys so excited to
finally see your mom back here?
- Yeah.
- For sure.
- My husband doesn't usually
come to watch me ride,
so I'm excited
to show him my big smile
as I ride in on the horse.
- Hi.
- Hi, guys.
- How do I look?
- Fantastic.
- You look so good.
- Oh, my gosh.
Oh, my god, so amazing.
- Before this surgery,
I was told by a doctor
that I look like an Avatar.
I've had four accidents
and 14 surgeries.
But now, thanks to Dr. Nassif,
my nose is not only
structurally stable,
but it looks amazing.
Thank you so much.
I feel so lucky
to have a husband like you
and children and friends.
I feel so blessed.
- Such a blessing.
Nobody's ever gonna tell Stacie
she looks like an Avatar again.
She is gorgeous.
After 30 years,
I think she's finally gotten
that beautiful natural nose
that she's always wanted.
- Dr. Nassif really, really
went above and beyond
anything I could have imagined.
I feel more confident.
I am very worried
about future accidents,
because I am accident-prone.
And I realize that I have
to be careful now,
because I don't want to undo
what Dr. Nassif did.
- Whoo!
[laughter]
- I'm so excited to see her.
- I bet you're excited.
- Yes, this is gonna work out
for me.
- Hello.
- Wow.
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
- Young lady, how are you?
- Hi.
- How are you?
- Hello.
- Hey, how are you?
Good to see you.
How do you feel?
- Right now, I'm okay.
Last night was terrible.
I started on my first pain med,
and my body is just not used
to taking that strong
of a pain medication,
so I ended up throwing up.
- Ugh.
- And that was tragedy for me
at its finest.
- Occasionally pain medications
don't work for some people
that work for others.
Now that we've got that
all sorted out,
I'm happy Leslie's feeling
much better.
So what I did was,
I took the implants out,
made you sidewalls,
and put in a 650 initially,
and it was, boom, it popped.
And I never could have put
an 800 in.
Plus, that's too big.
- Okay.
- If, in the future,
once things stretch out
a little bit,
you want to go larger,
you probably actually
could go larger.
You probably could go
up to 800.
But 800 would have been
too dangerous.
- Okay.
- So let's see what's cooking.
- My emotions are unraveling
one layer at a time.
I want to see fullness
in my breasts.
- Whatever it takes,
is what I say.
- Oh, wow.
- They look great.
- Look at that, huh?
- Yeah, that makes
a huge difference.
- Are you all right?
- Yeah.
- It's just what I wanted
from the beginning,
so I'm overwhelmed.
- You're happy?
- Yeah, definitely.
- It's been a long journey
to get to this point.
So it's an emotional moment
right now.
- Nice, right?
- Yeah, it's like finally
having someone who hears you,
and that's really important
to me.
Thank you very, very much,
very much.
- You're so welcome.
You want to know
how you can really thank me?
- How?
- Heal.
- Yeah, for sure.
- Heal great.
By the way,
you have great spirit.
You'll heal.
Helping the hopeless
find their smile again
is absolutely the best part
of this job.
So you're getting married when?
- March of next year.
- All right,
so it's a little too early
for dress shopping right now.
- Exactly,
but once these babies heal,
oh, my god.
- These are gonna look great
in a wedding dress, right?
- Yeah, I don't even
have to say maybe.
They definitely are.
- All right, see you soon.
- All right.
- Thank you, guys.
- Thank you.
- Oh, god, I'm nervous.
- I'm so excited
to see her.
- Right?
- Today, Leslie and I are having
a joint bachelor
slash bachelorette party.
Really excited to share
the experience with our family.
I expect a whole new
radiance about her.
- Bet you're excited.
- He's wanted this for a while.
- Yes, this is gonna
work out for me.
- He's like, "Yes!"
- I was nervous
going into the surgery
that there was a potential
that I may not get
exactly what I wanted.
I did not think it was
something that was tangible,
something that I would
be able to grasp
and have for myself.
But what I got blew me away.
And the fact that Dr. Dubrow
gave me perfect breasts
is amazing.
It's absolutely amazing.
- Hello.
- Wow!
- What's up, guys?
- Oh, my god!
- Wow.
- Love?
- Va-va-voom.
- I can't--
it's so amazing!
- Leslie looks
like a brand-new woman.
It's not just the breasts,
but it's everything
that comes along with it,
and it makes me feel good
to see her like that.
- I'm really excited
to get back into the gym
and get it together
for the wedding.
I can't wait to get back in,
and there's no me having
to worry
about my boob being off
to the left
or being off to the right.
I cannot wait
to get back into bodybuilding.
So now that my breasts
are in place
and they can fill out
my swimsuit really well,
I'm extremely excited
to go out there
and be ripped and cut up
and have these huge breasts
in front of me
and just nail it.
His favorite is when
he's spotting me
when I'm doing sit-ups,
because then I'm straight
forward to him.
Before my surgery,
my implants fell
into my armpit on the right
and were trapped
underneath my chin on the left.
But now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow,
I have breasts
that stay in place.
And I'm finally able
to get back to the things
that matter most to me.
Thank you so much, guys.
I really appreciate you
being here.
And to a great night
and a great start.
- We love you guys.
- Love you guys.
- To Leslie and Anthony.
- The bride and groom.
- I was actually born female.
- There's no
supporting tissue.
- A male chest
is the last piece
of being able to feel complete.
- My nose looks
like the state of California.
- You look disappointed.
- I thought it my head
it might be something different.
- Plastic surgery
can give you perfection?
- That's what I thought.
- The answer is never.
- Martina is back.
She's made a few changes.
- Good morning.
- What?